Java
Java is a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++.

C
C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language. It supports structured programming, lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. Many later languages, including C# and Java have drawn many of their control structures and other basic features from C, usually with overall syntactical similarity to C.

C++
C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation. It is designed with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements. C# is directly related to C and C++. C# inherits most of its operators, keywords, and statements directly from C++.  
There are some differences between C# and C++, C# supports multiple inheritance of interfaces, but not of classes. Another difference is destructors, their syntax is same with C++ but actually they are very different. Also most of the C# basic types have the same names as C++ basic types but they are not really same.

Python
Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library. 
Python variables are not strongly typed. Indeed, Python variables are just labels on objects. Variables are not declared; hence the description of Python as "dynamic". C# is statically typed. The variables are declared to the compiler to be of a specific type. The code is generated based on certain knowledge about the variables use at run-time.Python is "interpreted" -- things are done at run-time -- little is assumed. [Technically, the Python source is compiled into byte code and the byte code is interpreted. C# is compiled -- the compiler generates code based on the declared assumptions.

JavaScript
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications. JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and first-class functions. This mix of features makes it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming styles.
